Release notes. (#9550)
organicmaps/organicmaps: iphone/metadata/en-US/release_notes.txt

> - New data from 241017.
> - Normal (50m) isolines profile for Iceland, India, Marocco.
> - Fixed bug with Search on Map.
> - Added non-drinking water classifier type and icon on the Map.
> - Added new bookmark and search icons (tourism, information).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New OpenStreetMap data as of October 17.
- More detailed (50m step) altitude isolines for Iceland, India & Marocco.
- Use a different icon for non-drinking water sources.
- Added water towers.
- Added new bookmark and search icons (tourism, information).
- Fixed Search on Map results prioritization bug.
```
